Question #1:
 When driving at night, you should dim your headlights when:

A.: The other vehicle's headlights are dimmed.


B: Meeting or following another vehicle.


C: Approaching an intersection.


Question #2:
The Hands Free GA Law pertains to which of the following:

A.: All drivers regardless of age.


B: Older Drivers.


C: Drivers under the age of 21.


D: Drivers over the age of 21.

Question #3:
Georgia's Move-Over Law requires drivers to:

A.: Stay in the right lane if driving a tractor-trailer.


B: Move vehicles out of the lanes of traffic following a crash.


C: Move over at least one lane away from an emergency vehicle that is stationary, or if unable to move over, slow down below the speed limit.


Question #4:
If you are involved in a crash, one of the immediate requirements is to:

A.: Notify the Secretary of State's Office.


B: Notify your insurance agent.


C: Render aid to the injured.

Question #5:
What should you do when you see a flashing yellow traffic signal at the next intersection?

A.: Come to a complete stop before proceeding.


B: Speed up before the light changes to red.


C: Slow down and proceed with caution.


Question #6:
Where does the licensed driver riding with a permit holder need to ride in the vehicle?

A.: In the front passenger seat.


B: In the backseat directly behind the driver.


C: Anywhere they choose.


Question #7:
You are driving behind a motorcycle and want to pass. You must:

A.: Blow your horn to make the motorcycle move onto the shoulder so that you can pass.


B: Stay in the right lane as much as possible, because the motorcycle is small and doesn't use all of the lane.


C: Have your vehicle entirely into the left lane before and during the pass.


Question #8:
All children ages 8 up to 18 are required to ride:

A.: Secured in a safety belt or child safety seat.


B: In the front seat of the vehicle.


C: In the backseat of the vehicle.



Question #9:
Streets and highways are most slippery:

A.: When they are clean and dry.


B: When it has been raining hard for several hours.


C: Just after it starts to rain.


Question #10:
Driving requires your full attention:

A.:True.


B:False.


Question #11:
It is more dangerous to drive at night than in daytime, because:

A.: Your reaction time is slower at night.


B: You cannot see as far ahead at night.


C: The road is more slippery at night.


Question #12:
The minimum speed on Georgia interstates is:

A.: 40 MPH


B: 65 MPH


C: 55 MPH


Question #13:
A double yellow line in the center of a highway means:

A.: You are approaching a dangerous intersection.


B: Passing is permitted when safe to do so.


C: Passing is prohibited.


Question #14:
You have allowed the wheels of your vehicle to run off the edge of the pavement. You should:

A.: Release the gas pedal and turn the front wheels slightly to the left to edge the car back on the pavement.


B: Hold the steering wheel firmly; release the gas pedal; and gently apply the brakes.


C: Apply the brakes and turn the front wheels sharply to the left.


Question #15:
If a driver is convicted of violating the Hands Free GA Law, they will:

A.: All of the answers.


B: Pay a fine of at least $ 50.


C: Accumulate at least one point on their license.


Question #16:
Does Georgia Law require you to stop before turning right on a red light?

A.: Yes. You must come to full stop and yield to all vehicles and pedestrians on the cross street.


B: No. You must only yield to vehicles on your right.


C: No. You treat it as a "Yield" sign.


Question #17:
A flashing yellow light at an intersection means:

A.: continue through the intersection quickly.


B: stop, check traffic, and proceed with caution.


C: slow down and proceed with caution.


Question #18:
When entering an expressway, your car's speed should:

A.: be adjusted to the speed of the traffic on the expressway.


B: be faster than expressway traffic.


C: be slower than the traffic on the expressway.


Question #19:
In heavy fog:

A.: Use your parking lights and emergency flashers.


B: Use your low-beam lights.


C: Use your high-beam lights.


Question #20:
If, while driving, a tire suddenly blows out, you should:

A.: grasp the steering wheel firmly and take your foot off the accelerator.


B: pump the brakes rapidly.


C: brake hard and steer toward the right edge of the roadway.


Question #21:
You are stopped at an intersection and the traffic light changes to green. You should:

A.: go ahead only after you are sure that all cross traffic and pedestrians have cleared the intersection.


B: wait until the car next to you starts ahead.


C: proceed immediately so you do not hold up the traffic behind you.


Question #22:
If you are convicted of operating a vehicle while under the influence alcohol or drugs:

A.: You will be permitted to drive only in emergencies.


B: You will be permitted to drive during daylight hours only.


C: Your privilege to drive will be suspended.


Question #23:
Georgia law requires you to yield to all highway maintenance vehicles and workers in a construction zone.

A.: True.


B: False.


Question #24:
The proper arm signal for slowing or stopping is:

A.: Right arm down.


B: Left arm down.


C: Left arm up.


Question #25:
A school bus with its flashing red signals on has stopped on a non-divided highway; you must:

A.: stop until the signal lights are no longer flashing and all passengers have cleared the roadway.


B: stop when approaching from the rear only.


C: slow down when approaching from the front, and proceed with caution.


Question #26:
When approaching an intersection for a left turn, you should approach the intersection:

A.: by cutting into the left lane immediately before the intersection.


B: as near as possible to the right hand curb.


C: in the far left lane or center (turning) lane.


Question #27:
The Department of Driver Services is required by law to suspend the driving privileges of an individual for a conviction of the following offense(s).

A.: Hit and run or leaving the scene of a crash.


B: Super Speeder.


C: Improper exhaust.


Question #28:
When driving at night you may use your parking lights instead of headlights:

A.: True.


B: False.


Question #29:
Motorcycles are smaller than cars. This makes them:

A.: Less Stable.


B: Faster


C: More difficult to see.


Question #30:
The Georgia Move-Over law requires motorist to:

A.: Move to the next lane if safely possible.


B: Move into the median.


C: Stop alongside the officer.


Question #31:
The Georgia Implied Consent Law means:

A.: you must sign a statement that you will not drive a motor vehicle after drinking more than three drinks.


B: you are required to submit to tests of your blood, breath, urine or other bodily substances to determine if you are under the influence of drugs or alcohol.


C: you consent to have a blood sample taken if an officer stops you for driving recklessly.


Question #32:
What signal should you give before changing lanes in traffic?

A.: Left or right turn signal, depending on whether you wish to change left or right.


B: Stop signal; hand and arm down.


C: No signal is needed if the lane is open ahead.


Question #33:
When driving into fog you should:

A.: Use your parking lights.


B: Use your high-beam headlights.


C: Use your low-beam headlights.


Question #34:
When approaching an intersection where a 'Yield' sign has been placed facing you, you must:

A.: give right of way to all vehicles.


B: stop, regardless of time or place.


C: come to a full stop, look in both directions, and then proceed.


Question #35:
A person’s commits the offense of aggressive driving when he or she:

A.: Is the passenger in a motor vehicle where the driver has the intent to annoy, harass, molest, intimidate, injure or obstruct another person.


B: Operates any motor vehicle with the intent to annoy, harass, molest, intimidate, injure or obstruct another person.


C: Operates any motor vehicle with the intent to help someone else.


Question #36:
If you have to stop on the shoulder of a freeway because of an emergency, you should:

A.: activate your hazard lights, raise the hood to indicate difficulty.


B: stand behind your car to warn traffic that you have stopped.


C: get out of your car and walk for help.


Question #37:
If the signal light changes from green to yellow as you enter the intersection, you should:

A.: stop and back up past the crosswalk.


B: slow down and exercise caution before proceeding through the intersection.


C: speed up to clear the intersection.


Question #38:
Bicyclists should use their arms to signal to other motorists when they are going to make a turn, or when they are slowing or stopping.

A.: False.


B: True.


Question #39:
A solid yellow line on your right side of the center line, means:

A.: reduce speed.


B: traffic light ahead.


C: do not pass.


Question #40:
When is it legal to back up on an expressway:

A.: never.


B: if you go past your exit.


C: in an emergency.


Question #41:
At a railroad crossing, where the crossing gates have been lowered:

A.: you must stop and remain stopped until the gates are raised and all tracks are cleared.


B: you may go around the gates, if you do not see a train coming.


C: you must stop first, and then you may proceed around the gates if you don't see a train coming.


Question #42:
When does the law require your headlights to be turned on?

A.: From 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m.


B: When you see other drivers with their headlights on.


C: 1/2 hour after sunset to 1/2 hour before sunrise. Or during other periods of low visibility.


Question #43:
Without exception, never drive a vehicle through, around, or under any railroad gate or barrier.

A.: False.


B: True.


Question #44:
Before moving your vehicle into traffic from a parked position, you should:

A.: signal other traffic and then pull out into the street.


B: signal and proceed when it is safe.


C: sound your horn and pull from the curb slowly.


Question #45:
What is the most common type of collision between cars and motorcycles?

A.: When a car turns in front of an oncoming motorcycle.


B: When a motorcycle is rear-ended by a car.


C: When a car backs out of a driveway into the motorcycle's path.


Question #46:
Who is responsible for littering from a motor vehicle?

A.: The occupants of the vehicle.


B: The driver of the vehicle.


C: The property owner.


Question #47:
What should you do when you approach a flashing red light?

A.: Slow down.


B: Stop.


C: Continue with caution.


Question #48:
The Hands Free GA Law makes it illegal to do the following, while operating a motor vehicle in GA:

A.: Watch, record, or broadcast a video or movie.


B: Physically hold or support any wireless device.


C: Write, send, or read an email or text.


D: All of the answers.


Question #49:
The distance it takes you to stop your vehicle depends on:

A.: road condition, but not your speed.


B: the number of vehicles in front of you.


C: reaction of the driver, vehicle condition, wind direction, and road conditions.


Question #50:
The shoulder belt should be worn behind your back or under your arm.

A.: False.


B: True.


ROAD SIGNS SECTION



Question #50:
The shoulder belt should be worn behind your back or under your arm.

A.: False.


B: True.


GEORGIA ROAD SIGNS

Question #51:
What does this road sign mean:Practice Test Sign Image 1

A.: Be ready to merge with traffic entering your lane.


B: Always stop.


C: Divided highway ahead.




Question #52:
What does this road sign mean:Practice Test Sign Image 2

A.: You must turn right.


B: No right turn permitted.


C: Right turn permitted on red light.


Question #53:
What does this road sign mean:Practice Test Sign Image 3

A.: Winding Road.


B: Loose Gravel.


C: Slippery when wet.


Question #54:
What does this road sign mean:Practice Test Sign Image 4

A.: Directional sign for children.


B: School zone ahead.


C: Playground area ahead.


Question #55:
What does this road sign mean:Practice Test Sign Image 5

A.: Falling rocks.


B: Trucks use second gear.


C: Steep Hill.
 
Image of Written TestDownload the Driver's Manual












